3.3 install: PHP versions needing `composer update` (#1970)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/getting_started/install_ez_platform.md

    composer create-project ibexa/commerce-skeleton:^3.3 .
    ```

??? note "Using PHP 7.3, 7.4 or 8.0"

>     If you are using PHP 8, use a different set of commands:

Author: ```suggestion
    If you're using less than PHP 8.1, use a different set of commands:
```

    composer create-project ibexa/commerce-skeleton:^3.3 .
    ```

> ??? note "Using PHP 7.3, 7.4 or 8.0"

Author: ```suggestion
??? note "Using PHP 8.0, 7.4 or 7.3"
```

>     If you're using less than PHP 8.1, use a different set of commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you're using version lower than PHP 8.1, use a different set of commands:
```
